Docs: Rover API (#25499)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/flight_modes/offboard.md

Before using offboard mode with ROS 2, please spend a few minutes understanding the different [frame conventions](../ros2/user_guide.md#ros-2-px4-frame-conventions) that PX4 and ROS 2 use.
:::

> ::: warning

Author: Makes sense to me. Change in [e46a32c](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/25499/commits/e46a32c11d81980d2c079a8d335ea25f556ab018).

| Throttle + Steering  | thrust_and_torque |                                                               |                                                         | &check;                                                       |                                                               |                                                       | &check;                                                       |

::: info
If you intend to use the rover setpoints, we recommend using the [PX4 ROS 2 Interface Library](../ros2/px4_ros2_interface_lib.md) instead since it simplifies the publishing of these setpoints.
:::

#### Actuator Setpoints

The actuators can be direclty controlled using [ActuatorMotors](../msg_docs/ActuatorMotors.md) and [ActuatorServos](../msg_docs/ActuatorServos.md).

> In [OffboardControlMode](../msg_docs/OffboardControlMode.md) set `direct_actuator` to _true_ and all other flags to _false_.

Author: > This reads as though you must do one or the other.

This is correct. If you directly control the motors(wheel speed)/servos(steering) you are bypassing the module and directly controlling the movement via the actuator commands.

I think the misunderstanding might be this: I am talking about the actuators that control the movement, not additional servos that control a camera gimbal or things like that.

> In [OffboardControlMode](../msg_docs/OffboardControlMode.md) set `direct_actuator` to _true_ and all other flags to _false_.

Reviewer: Yup, missed that. In case anyone else is as dim as me, propose spelling it out https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/pull/25499/files#r2377362450

| Throttle + Rate      | body_rate         |                                                               |                                                         | &check;                                                       |                                                               | &check;                                               |                                                               |
| Throttle + Steering  | thrust_and_torque |                                                               |                                                         | &check;                                                       |                                                               |                                                       | &check;                                                       |

::: info
If you intend to use the rover setpoints, we recommend using the [PX4 ROS 2 Interface Library](../ros2/px4_ros2_interface_lib.md) instead since it simplifies the publishing of these setpoints.
:::

#### Actuator Setpoints

> The actuators can be directly controlled using [ActuatorMotors](../msg_docs/ActuatorMotors.md) and [ActuatorServos](../msg_docs/ActuatorServos.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of controlling the vehicle using position, speed, rate and other setpoints, you can directly control the motors and actuators using [ActuatorMotors](../msg_docs/ActuatorMotors.md) and [ActuatorServos](../msg_docs/ActuatorServos.md).
```

### Rover

- [SET_POSITION_TARGET_LOCAL_NED](https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#SET_POSITION_TARGET_LOCAL_NED)

>   - The following input combinations are supported (in `type_mask`):

Reviewer: OK, I've touched this section because I believe you stated no mavlink API is supported. IF that is the case we should delete all of this and add a note either here (or more likely above at the top of the mavlink section) stating that offboard control via MAVLink is not supported. Right?

Reviewer: PS Either way, that link I removed is broken.

Reviewer: I decided we needed a note under the rover section for visibility :-). Better to be explicit.
